Line up the bridge params with the documentation (#346)
keep-network/tbtc-v2: docs/index.adoc

|`1 week`

|walletCreationMinBtcBalance

> |The minimum amount of satoshis an active wallet needs to have before we allow for

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

the creation of a new active wallet.
|Yes
|`1e8 satoshis`

|walletCreationMaxBtcBalance

> |The amount of satoshis an active wallet needs to have before we allow for the

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`1 week`

|movedFundsSweepTimeoutNotifierRewardMultiplier
|The the percentage of the slashed stake that the notifier receives as a reward.
|Yes

> |`5%`

Author: This got accidentally squashed into [07ec25d](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/07ec25dde6d7c4eb405e44bed181f3e9556929fc)

|walletMaxBtcTransfer

> |The amount of satoshis at which we try to divide up a closing wallet into multiple target wallets.

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes

> |`10e8`

Author: I agree!

|walletClosingPeriod

> |The amount of time the wallet remains in the `Closing` state before it is closed.

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`40 days`

|walletClosureMinBtcBalance

> |The minimum amount of satoshis at which a wallet is eligible to begin closing.

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`5 * 1e7`

|walletMaxAge

> |The age at which a wallet is eligible to begin closing.

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`26 weeks`

|movingFundsTxMaxTotalFee
|The max amount of satoshis that the wallet is allowed to pay miners for a moving funds transaction.
|Yes
|`10000 satoshis`

|movingFundsDustThreshold

> |The minimum amount of satoshis that we move from wallet to wallet when closing a wallet.

Reviewer: I would try to avoid using `we` when we speak about wallet's activities.
Maybe
```suggestion
|The minimum amount of satoshis held by a closing wallet that needs to be moved to a different wallet before closing.
```
?

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`20000 satoshis`

|movingFundsTimeoutResetDelay

> |The amount of time operators must wait to request a timeout reset on moving funds when there is no active wallet.

Reviewer: Maybe better
```suggestion
|The amount of time operators must wait to request a moving funds timeout reset when there is no active wallet to move the funds to.
```
?

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`6 days`

|movingFundsTimeout

> |The amount of time operators have to move their wallet's funds to another live wallet(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The amount of time the operators have to move their wallet's funds to another live wallet(s).
```
It sounds better to me, but I'm not 100% sure if this suggestion is right :P

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes

> |`7 days`

Reviewer: The row with `movingFundsTimeout` is duplicated. We should remove the other one, which uses different unit of measurement.

Author: [896324e](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/896324edd5387f5b0d0d40b0525f952476abd68b)

|movingFundsTimeoutSlashingAmount

> |The amount of stake in T tokens that operators lose if they do not move fulfill a moving funds request.

Reviewer: Also, it would be good to add that this is per one seat/member.

> |The amount of stake in T tokens that operators lose if they do not move fulfill a moving funds request.

Author: This ended up being a more involved commit because I needed to provide context on what a "group member" was

[437a35f](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/437a35fea3e08d4fd27dbe2e4ff3a848028b5634)

> |The amount of stake in T tokens that operators lose if they do not move fulfill a moving funds request.

Reviewer: I like this chapter about operators vs group members!

|Yes
|`10000 * 1e18`

|movingFundsTimeoutNotifierRewardMultiplier

> |The percentage of slashed stake that the notifier receives when they notify the system about a wallet that has failed fulfill a moving funds request.

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`100`

|movedFundsSweepTxMaxTotalFee

> |The max amount of satoshis that the target wallet is allowed to pay miners to sweep a moving funds transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The max amount of satoshis that the target wallet is allowed to pay miners to process a moved funds sweep transaction.
```

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`10000`

|movedFundsSweepTimeout
|The amount of time that the target wallet has to sweep the moved funds once they arrive.
|Yes
|`7 days`

|movedFundsSweepTimeoutSlashingAmount
|The amount of stake in T tokens that operators of the target wallet lose if they do not sweep moved funds.
|Yes
|`7 days`

|movedFundsSweepTimeoutNotifierRewardMultiplier

> |The percentage of slashed stake that the notifier receives when they notify the system about a wallet that has failed to sweep the moved funds.

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|depositTxMaxFee

> |The max amount of satoshis per deposit that the wallet is allowed to pay to miners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The max amount of satoshis per deposit that the wallet is allowed to pay to miners for processing the sweep transaction.
```

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`10000 satoshis`

4+s|Redeeming

|redemptionDustThreshold
|The minimum amount of satoshis in a valid redemption.
|Yes
|`1000000 satoshis`

|redemptionTreasuryFeeDivisor

> |The redemption fee divisor of one BTC to take as a treasury fee.

Reviewer: I find the parameter description from `Bridge.sol` less confusing:
```suggestion
|A divisor used to compute the treasury fee taken from each redemption request and transferred to the treasury upon successful request finalization.
```
We could also consider adding info about how it's computed: `treasuryFee = requestedAmount / redemptionTreasuryFeeDivisor`.

Similar comment applies to `depositTreasuryFeeDivisor` description.

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

> |Length of time a wallet has to fulfill a redemption.

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`48 hours`

|redemptionTxMaxFee

> |The max amount of satoshis per redemption that the wallet is allowed to pay miners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The max amount of satoshis per redemption that the wallet is allowed to pay miners for processing the redemption transaction.
```

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`10000 satoshis`

|redemptionTimeout

> |The amount of seconds a wallet has to fulfill a redemption request.

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes

> |`172800 seconds = 48 hours`

Author: [a9da7c4](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/a9da7c45ed90f9d76dda192dbc8efb48bd64fd91)

|redemptionTimeoutSlashingAmount
|The amount of stake in T tokens that operators will lose if they do not fulfill a redemption request.
|Yes
|`10000 * 1e18` 

|redemptionTimeoutNotifierRewardMultiplier 

> |The percentage of slashed stake from a redemption timeout that the notifier receives as a reward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The percentage of the slashed stake from a redemption timeout that the notifier receives as a reward.
```

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`100`

4+s|Fraud 

|fraudChallengeDepositAmount

> |The amount of ether a challenger must deposit in order to make a wallet prove honesty.

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`2 ether`

|fraudChallengeDefeatTimeout

> |The amount of time wallet has to wallet has to defend itself from a fraud challenge.

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`7 days`

|fraudSlashingAmount

> |The amount of T tokens that the operators of a wallet lose if they are defeated by a fraud challenge.

Reviewer: I would prefer to not use the `defeated` here, as `defeated by a fraud challenge` can be confused with `defeating a fraud challenge`, which we use a lot.
Maybe better
```suggestion
|The amount of T tokens that the operators of a wallet lose if the fraud challenge does not get defeated.
```
?

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes
|`10000 * 1e18`

|fraudNotifierRewardMultiplier

> |The percentage of slashed stake from a fraud challenge that the challenger receives as a reward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The percentage of the slashed stake from a fraud challenge that the challenger receives as a reward.
```

Author: [54b7a3a](https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2/pull/346/commits/54b7a3aa103d9dfe4e3cce4542eb7b703710ba88)

|Yes 
|`5e7 = 0.5 BTC`

|walletMaxAge 
|The age at which a non-active wallet is eligible to begin closing. 
|Yes 
|`26 weeks`

|walletMaxBtcTransfer 
|The amount of satoshis held by the closing wallet at which it should try to split the moved funds to multiple target wallets. 
|Yes 
|`10e8 = 10 BTC`

4+s|Depositing

|depositDustThreshold
|The minimum amount of satoshis in a valid deposit.
|Yes
|`1_000_000 satoshis`

4+s|Sweeping

|depositTreasuryFeeDivisor 
|A divisor used to compute the treasury fee taken from each deposit and transferred to the treasury upon sweep proof submission.
|The deposit fee divisor of one BTC to take as a treasury fee. 
|Yes 
|`2_000 => 1/2_000 = 5 BPS`

|depositTxMaxFee 
|The max amount of satoshis per deposit that the wallet is allowed to pay to miners for processing the sweep transaction. 
|Yes 
|`100_000 satoshis`

4+s|Redeeming

|redemptionDustThreshold 
|The minimum amount of satoshis in a valid redemption. 
|Yes 
|`1_000_000 satoshis`

|redemptionTimeout 
|The amount of time a wallet has to fulfill a redemption request. 
|Yes 
|`5 days`

|redemptionTimeoutNotifierRewardMultiplier 

> |The percentage of the slashed stake from a redemption timeout that the notifier receives as a reward. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|The percentage of the staking contract notifier reward that the notifier receives when they notify the system about a wallet that has failed to fulfill a redemption request.
```

|Yes 
|`100%`

|redemptionTimeoutSlashingAmount 
|The amount of stake in T tokens that each group member will lose if they do not fulfill a redemption request. 
|Yes 
|`100 * 1e18 = 100 T` 

|redemptionTreasuryFeeDivisor 
|A divisor used to compute the treasury fee taken from each redemption request and transferred to the treasury upon successful request finalization. 
|Yes 
|`2_000 => 1/2_000 = 5 BPS`

|redemptionTxMaxFee 
|The max amount of satoshis per redemption that the wallet is allowed to pay miners for processing the redemption transaction. 
|Yes 
|`100_000 satoshis`

4+s|Fraud 

|fraudChallengeDefeatTimeout 
|The amount of time a wallet has to defend itself from a fraud challenge. 
|Yes 
|`7 days`

|fraudChallengeDepositAmount 
|The amount of ether a challenger must deposit in order to make a wallet prove its honesty. 
|Yes 
|`5 ether`

|fraudNotifierRewardMultiplier 

> |The percentage of the slashed stake from a fraud challenge that the challenger receives as a reward. 

Reviewer 2: |The percentage of the staking contract notifier reward that the fraud challenger receives as a reward if the wallet did not defeat the challenge.
